Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
She cried diamonds.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it’s really not as bad as it sounds.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.