It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Love is not like pizza.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
The heat
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
We need to rent a room for our party.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.